Provide extra details on claims processing (#184)
spiffe/spiffe: standards/SPIFFE_Workload_API.md

    // Required. The SPIFFE ID of the validated JWT-SVID.
    string spiffe_id = 1;

>     // Required. Arbitrary claims contained within the payload of the validated
>     // JWT-SVID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Required. Claims contained within the payload of the validated JWT-SVID.
    // This includes both SPIFFE-required and non-required claims.
```

Author: :+1:

#### 6.2.3 ValidateJWTSVID

> The `ValidateJWTSVID` RPC validates JWT-SVIDs for a specific audience on behalf of a client. Further, the server MUST parse and validate the JWT-SVID according to the rules outlined in the [JWT-SVID](JWT-SVID.md) specification. The claims embedded in the JWT-SVID payload MUST be provided in the `claims` field in the `ValidateJWTSVIDResponse`, however implementations MAY filter those claims before returning them to the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ValidateJWTSVID` RPC validates JWT-SVIDs for a specific audience on behalf of a client. Further, the server MUST parse and validate the JWT-SVID according to the rules outlined in the [JWT-SVID](JWT-SVID.md) specification. The claims embedded in the JWT-SVID payload SHOULD be provided in the `claims` field in the `ValidateJWTSVIDResponse`; the claims defined by this specification above are required, however implementations MAY filter non-SPIFFE claims before returning them to the client. SPIFFE claims are required for interoperability.
```
